****************************************************************************************

TOWER DEFENSE

A Game for ND++
Chris Groce, Kevin McGinn, Nick Taylor

****************************************************************************************

SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS:
========================================================================================
Qt 4.7.4 or later must be installed on your machine.

INSTALLATION:
========================================================================================
Compiling from source code:

Run qmake-qt4 to generate makefile
Run make to compile the code

The game can now be played by running the executable named 'qt-skeleton'.

INSTRUCTIONS:
=======================================================================================
Welcome to Tower Defense! The objective of the game is simple: defend your base (a 
bright green square on the map) from incoming waves of enemies. Every time an enemy 
reaches your base, you lose a life. When you run out of lives, the game is over.

****TOWERS****
Your only defense against the onslaught of enemies is an arsenal of Towers. There are
three tower types: Basic, Quick, and Fire.

The BASIC tower is well balanced; it has decent firing rate, range, and power. It is
WHITE.

The QUICK tower is focused on rapid attacks on fast enemies; it has very good firing
rate, decent range, but poor power. It uses a special type of ammunition that is very
effective against fast-moving enemies, but stronger enemies are more resistant to it. It
is BLUE.

The FIRE tower is built to deal damage; it has a poor firing rate, poor range, but
very good power. Its ammunition is very effective against slower moving enemies, but
fast enemies are able to avoid most of its damage. It is RED.

****ENEMIES****
Each wave contains a few different types of Enemies. There are three enemy types: Puny,
Speedy, and Heavy.

The PUNY enemy is your standard enemy. It has decent speed and health, and all 
ammunition types are equally effective against it. They are WHITE.

The SPEEDY enemy has trained extra hard to zip past your defense. It has very good 
speed, but poor health. Shots from the Quick tower do extra damage, shots from the 
Basic tower do normal damage, and shots from the Fire tower do minimal damage. They are
BLUE.

The HEAVY enemy type is a heavily-armored beast that will slowly, but surely, make his
way toward your base to devour you. It has a poor speed, but very good health. Shots
from the Quick tower do minimal damage, shots from the Basic tower do normal damage, and
shots from the Fire tower do extra damage. They are RED.

****FIGHT!****
Before a wave begins, you can use the money in your wallet to purchase different types
of towers, and upgrade towers you have placed. Each tower costs $100. Upgrades start at
$50, but the cost increases as each tower becomes stronger.

Click a Tower Construction button to enter Construction mode. The Tower type you 
selected will remain highlighted. Clicking on the board will place a Tower in the cell
that has been selected. Towers can ONLY be placed on Grass tiles; they cannot be placed
on the Path tiles that the Enemies travel on, or on Rocky tiles. Click the Tower
Construction button again to exit Construction mode.

Clicking on a Tower that has been placed in the field will bring up the Tower menu. From
this menu, you can upgrade the Tower's Firing Rate, Range, or Power. You can also sell
the Tower, which will remove it from the screen and refund the player 3/4 of the Tower's
worth (including upgrades). Be careful: once a tower has been sold, the tile that it was
placed on becomes Rocky and cannot be used for any other Towers!

To summon the next wave of enemies, click the Next Wave button. 10 enemies will spawn
and rush toward your base. Everytime you kill an enemy, you gain money. If you discover
that your defenses are failing, you can still place and upgrade towers as before while
the enemies are attacking.

As Enemies take damage, they become darker in color. Similarly, every time you lose a
life, your base becomes darker.

Try to survive for as many waves as you can!